---
title: "4 Top Money Making Apps to Earn Easy Cash"
bg: white
color: black
---


## 4 Top Money Making Apps to Earn Easy Cash
Do you often find there’s too much month at the end of your money?

We’ve all felt that way from time to time. We’ve scrimped and saved every which way we could think of, but somehow still end up wondering how we’re going to finagle our bills at the end of every month.

Luckily, there are a variety of apps available for your mobile device that can net you just enough cash to help you out of a jam when you’re in need. The following services probably won’t put any extra commas in your bank account, but they just might help you breathe a sigh of relief when payday is still a week away.

## Top Money Making Apps: S’more

While most of the items on this list will earn you money by using your phone, S’more just requires that you have a phone - specifically an Android device.

S’more simply shows silent advertisements over your phone’s lock screen whenever it’s not in use. In exchange for the ad space, you’ll collect reward points over time. These points can then be exchanged for gift cards at various in-store and online retailers. 

You might assume an app that is constantly running on your phone, even when the phone isn’t in use, would quickly drain the battery. Luckily, S’more’s programmers developed the app specifically so that this won't be an issue. 

Unfortunately, because of restrictions in Apple’s terms of service, S’more is currently only available for Android users. You can downloaded it [here in the Google Play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lab465.SmoreApp). 

## Top Money Making Apps: Fiverr
For the specifically talented individual or the jack of all trades, there’s [Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com/){: rel="nofollow"}. 

Fiverr allows you to connect with other individuals in need of a specific service - usually as a one-off project. People come to Fiverr when they need a writer for a blog post, an artist for a book cover design, a musician for a commercial jingle, and more. As the name implies, the jobs advertised pay $5 a pop.

Of course, this means the gigs are usually pretty straightforward and simple - as long as you have a knack for the assignment at hand. Finding work on Fiverr isn’t going to replace your full-time job, but it’s certainly easier than running your own side business. Think about all the skills you have in your repertoire that go to waste during your real job; with Fiverr, you can revisit some of your favorite pastimes, and make some money doing it.

If you are looking to start a side-business (or are looking to leave your current position and begin freelancing), Fiverr may be a great place to start. You’ll be able to build up a portfolio and hone your skills, and expose yourself to a variety of projects to help you become more well-rounded.

But don’t stick around on Fiverr for too long if you want to make serious cash as a freelancer. It can be tempting to go with a sure thing, even if it’s not much money. But, after you’ve built a strong foundation with assignments from Fiverr, you should definitely look to greener pastures.

## Top Money Making Apps: Foap
[Foap](https://www.foap.com/){: rel="nofollow"} is like Fiverr for amateur photographers. 

Instead of posting pictures of your cat and your dinner on Instagram, you can upload them to Foap with the hope that someone out there is in need of some simple stock photography. If your photograph is picked up, you’ll earn $5 from whoever decides to use it. There’s also a chance that you’ll earn even more reward money if your image is voted highly by other users.

It’s no secret that the Internet is full of “fauxtographers,” so if you’re even halfway decent at capturing beautiful images, you have a pretty good chance of standing out on Foap. Many major companies rely on Foap for images to be used in their catalogs and websites. If your photography skills go beyond the “everyday” photographer’s, you might end up making a connection that could lead to a much better-paying gig. 

Like Fiverr, though, if you are good at what you do, you won’t want to waste too much time using Foap after building up a decent portfolio. Amateur photographers are a dime a dozen - but good ones are worth much more.

Speaking of wasting time, Foap’s upload process is fairly clunky and time-consuming. Even if you have a batch of photographs you wish to upload, you need to load each one individually - naming and tagging it before you move on to the next one. If you’re doing this as a hobby and to make a few extra bucks, you might not mind this. Otherwise, make the connections you need to make and move on.

## Top Money Making Apps: Ibotta
[Ibotta](https://ibotta.com/){: rel="nofollow"} is a service that, quite frankly, should be used by everyone.

We all buy groceries, and we all wish we didn’t have to spend so much on them. Ibotta provides rebates for specific grocery-related items bought at either supermarkets or retail stores, given that you kept the receipt. 

After doing your weekly food shopping, you upload a picture of your receipt to Ibotta, and - if you’ve purchased any of the items currently being featured - you’ll receive actual cash back. No reward points. No gimmicks. Actual cash.

Even better, you have the option of joining “teams” with specific shopping goals. Once your team reaches a goal, you’ll receive the predetermined monthly bonus reward. 

You can have your earnings transferred either to your PayPal or Venmo account, or, if you choose, you can purchase gift cards for various retailers with your money. 

Grocery shopping is getting more and more expensive every year. Ibotta can help put a little bit of that change back in your pocket.
